# Oct 5, 2021

Attendees:

* José Valim
* John Hogberg
* Tristan Sloughter
* Fred Hebert

Agenda:

* Ex_doc
    * While under the doc WG, there was a demand for funding to rework the sidebars, but the person doing it was no longer available. This has been reopened again, so we can hire a designer to redesign the navigation of documentation, and someone to implement it in JS.
    * $2800 at most, the stipend demand has been approved asynchronously by the board
    * Doing it with the Livebook designer, guy from Nepal
* Optional applications support was merged in OTP, but Relx wasn’t ready for it yet; also highlighted a bug around the release files relx builds, where the application order is not always properly sorted.
    * We thought systools took care of some of this, but it was confusing due to sorting issues around .rel and .app files. Bringing it up in case this impacts mix as well
    * Optional applications in the list may need to additionally be managed
    * José will take a look
