# May 4, 2021

Agenda:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1neU4faTXVA3pz2CMuzIhN-nqrFsPfzO-QhBGdGdbHUU/edit#heading=h.7ol80qbnj9s0

Attendees:

*   Todd Resudek
*   John Högberg
*   Pablo Costas Sánchez
*   José Valim
*   Wojtek Mach
*   Radek Szymczyszyn
*   Marc Delagramm
*   Maxim Federov
*   Fred Hebert
*   Bryan Paxton

Agenda:

*   [RS] EDoc & co. - known issues and next steps
    *   No updates on ExDoc side
    *   Set up a separate issue to track what’s needed to do for ExDoc in Erlang
    *   José has a proposal (that has not been sent to the OTP yet, [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HzdwIQYww1zCwqr0MSUAc5cYB9bgnpFXiRAtmqK3S4Y/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HzdwIQYww1zCwqr0MSUAc5cYB9bgnpFXiRAtmqK3S4Y/edit)) to add two new module doc attributes (`doc` and `moduledoc`)
        *   If OTP says yes, this would imply more work in Edoc than in rebar3
    *   We should be finishing integrating ExDoc and EDoc and consider setting up also an integration with rebar3
        *   Rebar3 already has some configuration options that enable building the docs for the top level applications, but it no support for building the docs for all dependencies
            *   Action item to rebar3 maintainers; broken deps’ edoc should not fail the run.
*   [BP] Erlang/OTP windows builds
    *   
*   [TS] Erlang Linux Builds
    *   The idea is to move away from Bob in favour of Github Actions, whilst making use of as much stuff we had already built in Bob
    *   We need people to work on this; no limitations on GA that would make this not doable
    *   Action points:
        *   Can Erlang/OTP build for Windows/Linux?
        *   Have precompiled versions of Elixir per OTP version
*   [BP] Moving rebar_mix to erlef
    *   Alternative to moving the project: getting in contact with the maintainer (Supersonido) and ask if they could add someone from the WG as another maintainer to the project
*   [BP] Hex Web Auth Flow
    *   Thoughts on suggesting this as an idea for the SpawnFest:
        *   
*   [BP] setup-erlang
    *   It’s setup-beam now and done
    *   There is an interest in having setup-beam working on Windows. John mentioned that the installer may support an "unnatended" option
*   [PCS] SpawnFest ideas
    *   We should take a look at the ideas we deemed valid for GSoC and consider presenting those as ideas for SpawnFest
        *   CT with OpenTelemetry 
        *   Write the ideas on the Github issue
*   Walk-on topics
    *   [PCS] ANSI coloring in OTP?
        *   We don’t need to change anything in Erlang; Elixir already has support
        *   Windows users need to run a particular command to set up a feature in the registry to make colors work in the console [https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/blob/master/bin/elixir.bat#L158](https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/blob/master/bin/elixir.bat#L158)
        *   Checking term environment variable
        *   Test at run-time for Elixir: [https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/blob/master/bin/elixir#L210](https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/blob/master/bin/elixir#L210)
    *   [BP] New rebar_hex is going to introduce breaking changes
        *   [https://github.com/erlef/rebar3_hex/issues/221](https://github.com/erlef/rebar3_hex/issues/221)
        *   Blocked on Tristan, Fred saying to go ahead
