# July 6, 2021

Agenda:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1neU4faTXVA3pz2CMuzIhN-nqrFsPfzO-QhBGdGdbHUU/edit

Attendees:

* Bryan Paxton
* Radek Szymczyszyn
* Random Thompson
* Justin Wood
* Robert Newson

Agenda:

* [RS] Edoc + ExDoc
    * A small PR to make the main ExDoc branch with with Erlang (https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc/pull/1367)
    * Wojtek has described the Erlang project EDoc -> ExDoc -> Hex flow in the ExDoc README (https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc#using-exdoc-with-erlang-projects)
    * Internal Erlang Solutions tech meeting and then a Meetup on docs / Edoc / ExDoc - https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/erlangusergroup/events/277729196/
* [BP] rebar_mix
    * Bryan presented that the project has been unresponsive
    * Discuss potential to fork the project. Not making any decision until a larger group is present.
