# Jan 4

Attendees:

* Fred Hebert
* Todd Resudek
* Louis Pilfold
* John Hogberg

Agenda:

* Leadership Handoff
* Windows Builds (chocolatey)
* Rebar3 Offline Builds
* License normalization in Hex

Notes:

* Leadership Handoff
    * Responsibilities: reports, talking with the board, etc.
    * Nobody interested in picking it up
    * Fred to keep the role until someone’s interested in doing it
* Chocolatey maintainership
    * [https://github.com/erlef/build-and-packaging-wg/issues/42](https://github.com/erlef/build-and-packaging-wg/issues/42)
    * No real maintainership available
    * Nobody in OTP has a windows computer, only in labs which are isolated from the network
    * We should follow up with Onorio to figure out the steps required and how automatable they’d be, as per the issue
        * The hex team has automatic builds for lots of stuff, maybe we could ask to do it there
        * No maintainer means no testing and things may break without us knowing
            * Maybe we can automate fetch & build as well
            * Might be less daunting to fix a build script than “assume maintainership”
* License normalization in Hex
    * Licenses have always been required in mix files for hex packages, and it was just a random list that was unvalidated: is Apache 2.0 and Apache-2.0 the same? Sure. 
Phases:
      1. When you publish, throw a warning about including unsupported licenses
      2. Make it an error at the registry-level to include an invalid license
         - PR is ready and in Draft mode
      3. Any new package has the error
      4. Make it for updates to existing packages
    * Rebar3 plugin recently caught up to that
    * Private orgs: no license needed
    * SPDX list is a superset of OSI licenses (e.g. hypocratic is there) [https://spdx.org/licenses/](https://spdx.org/licenses/)
        * Supports common ones and even rare ones, but woN’t work well for people creating their own licenses
    * Data is not normalized so we could query but it could take a lot of regexes to deal with. Eric mentioned doing some kind of audit
* Rebar3 Offline builds
    * Catch-up from last month’s meeting
    * Needs to work for hex but for other things as well
    * Needs to not be picked up for dependencies
    * Ran a short demo of using lib/ to do vendoring for Ericsson
* Pre-built artifacts for Gleam with no config file
    * Rebar3 supports out of the box
    * Mix needs to add it, but José was open to it
* Action item: 
    * Follow-ups with Onorio and the rebar3 vendoring
    * Clean-up threads in this repo
    * Submit minutes
    * Assign fred to chair
