# Mar 1

Attendees:

* Fred Hebert
* Max Fedorov
* John Hogberg
* José Valim
* Todd Resudek
* Viktor Söderqvist
* Kenneth Lundin

Agenda:

* Nothing in the issues, agenda bash in the meeting
* CI stuff (Max Fedorov)
* Offline builds (Kenneth)

Notes:



* CI updates (Max Fedorov)
    * Wants to know how interested the OTP team is in the initiative
    * Things that exist:
        * Self-hosted gitlab instance at [http://ci.erlef.org](http://ci.erlef.org) – mirrors the github repository, should not be considered an official repository
        * Used as CI so any pull requests/merge request is fired against the repo, then it will be tested on linux, freebsd; working on windows and other platforms
        * More flexibility than github actions
    * Ongoing work:
        * Asked for a budget request at the EEF and awaiting for a response
        * Wanting additional hosting space for packages that could be published via that CI: apt/debian/rpm for linux, could be arm64 builds as well (not provided by anyone)
            * Hoping that at some point freebsd/windows could be done
    * Question to kenneth:
        * What do you think? Worthwhile investment? Would the OTP team agree to use this as a good signal/source of confidence in the PRs submitted by people.
            * It currently takes a lot of time to validate a PR because the OTP team has to test them internally
            * Would it make sense to even use it for OTP-team internal PRs?
            * Would it eventually make sense to have the official OTP repos handled by the foundation?
                * Kenneth: should remain under OTP for the control. Linux CI is already working, but is not provided for other platforms; that’s a positive to have them with this CI project.
                * CI should be triggered on PRs and tags
                * Kenneth: it’s a positive, but shouldn’t think the CI is the only blocker to take care of a PR quickly; often it’s something else
        * Advantages: better feedback to PR submitters; the gitlab release train lets test the PR before the merge goes through so independently.
        * RE: official builds? Francesco was to set up a meeting for the binary distributions. Max believes the Erlef should deal with the official images
            * Maybe a hash on the source files used is useful to add safety to the mirror process? Could be on the build scripts as well?
        * Max: to wait for board discussions to be done.
    * Infra working group has all the access so far (in 1password) – we can figure out the hand-off later when this is more official
    * CI issue: visiting the many places to get the information we need is annoying
        * There will need a way to provide the feedback (A github bot? The action results in github will link to the gitlab CI so you don’t need to visit more than one place)
* Offline builds:
    * We want to agree on a solution, Viktor can implement it
    * This is not a unique requirement from Ericsson, this will be more common over time
    * 1. Scoping of what sort of fetching we want to do
        * The things we tried last time (Moving deps to libs/ worked)
    * 2. Working in offline mode that walls off network calls
        * Fred can review
        * [https://github.com/erlang/rebar3/pull/2642](https://github.com/erlang/rebar3/pull/2642) 
    * 3. Bootstrapping without fetching anything
        * Fred: would like to let bootstrap use the two previous mechanisms to vendor our own deps there.
        * Max: has the root OS support in mind – not in OTP-25; Kenneth: also looking to support it (Dan or Ingela? Are investigating)
        * Bootstrap is the blocker right now
        * [https://github.com/erlang/rebar3/pull/2642](https://github.com/erlang/rebar3/pull/2642) 
    * Must be documented as a main use case.
* Rebar3 into OTP
    * That should be Rebar4: change scope, drop dependencies, command line parsing (or getting getopts in OTP? Argparse may be more powerful?), rework plugins, rely on built-in certs, see if we can deal with better parallelism for compilation.
    * We can break things more aggressively once within OTP since we don’T have to maintain the same version compatibility concerns

Action Items:



* Clear up the meeting invites because one of them (676…) has the wrong ID`
* Fred to take a look over the offline mode progress and consolidate that into an issue to get a clear roadmap going forward.
